MuayThaiAthletesGuide/README.md, before:

# The Muay Thai Athlete's Guide (Project MTAG) - Rachel Soderberg
###### Project MTAG is an Android application created to enhance the under-developed app store niche for Muay Thai athletes and practitioners. The Muay Thai Athlete's Guide provides the user with a comprehensive list of Muay Thai combos and techniques in an easy to read reference format.  
###### The user is met with an extensive list of new options such as creation and saving of user-submitted combos, tutorial videos for instructional lessons, workouts to be done in a typical Muay Thai or general boxing gym, and timers to allow for a seamless workout session.  
---  
#### Method
##### User Stories:  
"As a well-rounded athlete, I want an app where I can find workouts utilizing a heavy bag and boxing to mix up my routine and keep things fresh."  
"As a Muay Thai practitioner, I want an app that lets me program my own Tabata-style workouts/timed workouts with a built-in timer so I only need to have one app open."  
"As a female athlete, I want an app that is all-inclusive and provides some examples of instruction with a female representative."  
"As a beginner to Muay Thai, I want an app that provides me with video instruction so I can work on my form and combos outside of class."  
"As a professional Muay Thai fighter, I want an app that will give me fresh ideas for training to step up my game in the ring."  
"As a Muay Thai practitioner, I want an app where I can look up all the combos and add my own favorites so I can remember them quickly."  
"As a busy athlete, I only have so much time in the gym. I want an app where I can look up what I want quickly and without a lot of fuss."  
"As a parent of a child who trains, I want an app that will provide instruction and information in a manner that is safe and accessible to all ages."  
  
##### Testing  
###### Android Emulator APIs Used:  
- Nexus 5X API 26  
- Galaxy Nexus API 27  
  
##### Error Handling  
###### Login and Registration:  
- Empty email address, password  
- Email address, password too short/long  
- Email address invalid (requires @ and .com)  
- Email address associated with account, require registration if not
- Password associated with login email is correct to log in

Commit message:

Timer & Spinner
- Added Excel spreadsheet for reporting and managing bugs
- Updated Readme file
- Improved Spinner code by changing to a switch statement
- Added error checking in Spinner for unexpected results
- Added functions for each timer type (most currently stubbed out
Bugs: Recorded in new Bug Report Excel spreadsheet.

MuayThaiAthletesGuide/README.md, after:

# The Muay Thai Athlete's Guide (Project MTAG) - Rachel Soderberg
##### Fall 2017 - Spring 2018  
###### Project MTAG is an Android application created to enhance the under-developed app store niche for Muay Thai athletes and practitioners. The Muay Thai Athlete's Guide provides the user with a comprehensive list of Muay Thai combos and techniques in an easy to read reference format.  
###### The user is met with an extensive list of new options such as creation and saving of user-submitted combos, tutorial videos for instructional lessons, workouts to be done in a typical Muay Thai or general boxing gym, and timers to allow for a seamless workout session.  
---  
#### Method
##### User Stories:  
"As a well-rounded athlete, I want an app where I can find workouts utilizing a heavy bag and boxing to mix up my routine and keep things fresh."  
"As a Muay Thai practitioner, I want an app that lets me program my own Tabata-style workouts/timed workouts with a built-in timer so I only need to have one app open."  
"As a female athlete, I want an app that is all-inclusive and provides some examples of instruction with a female representative."  
"As a beginner to Muay Thai, I want an app that provides me with video instruction so I can work on my form and combos outside of class."  
"As a professional Muay Thai fighter, I want an app that will give me fresh ideas for training to step up my game in the ring."  
"As a Muay Thai practitioner, I want an app where I can look up all the combos and add my own favorites so I can remember them quickly."  
"As a busy athlete, I only have so much time in the gym. I want an app where I can look up what I want quickly and without a lot of fuss."  
"As a parent of a child who trains, I want an app that will provide instruction and information in a manner that is safe and accessible to all ages."  
  
##### Testing & Devices  
###### Android Emulator APIs Used:  
- Nexus 5X API 26  
- Galaxy Nexus API 27  

###### Handheld Devices Used:
- Samsung Galaxy S5
  
##### Error Handling  
###### Login and Registration:  
- Empty email address, password  
- Email address, password too short/long  
- Email address invalid (requires @ and .com)  
- Email address associated with account, require registration if not  
- Password associated with login email is correct to log in  
  
###### Timer:  
- Unexpected results for Timer Selection spinner  
- Catch timer before value exceeds 99:59:59 or 00:00:00 and throw error via toast
